Elastic Beanstalk Environment Creation
After you've created this Instance Profile, you will need to create an Elastic Beanstalk environment.

1. Go to AWS Management Console

2. Search for Elastic Beanstalk and click the Elastic Beanstalk service.


3. If you've never used Elastic Beanstalk before you will see a splash page. Click the Create Application button. If you have created Elastic Beanstalk environments and applications before, you will be taken directly to the Elastic Beanstalk dashboard. In this case, click the Create environment button.


4. You will need to provide an Application name, which will auto-populate an Environment Name.


5. Scroll down to find the Platform section. You will need to select the Platform of Docker. This will auto-select several default options. Change the Platform branch to Docker running on 64bit Amazon Linux 2. The new 2023 branch currently has issues with single-container deployments.



6.  Scroll down to the Presets section and make sure that free tier eligible has been selected:


7. Click the Next button.

8. You will be taken to a Service Access configuration form.

Select Create and use new service role and name it aws-elasticbeanstalk-service-role. You will then need to set the EC2 instance profile to the aws-elasticbeanstalk-ec2-role created earlier (this will likely be auto-populated for you):


9. Click the Skip to Review button.

10. Click the Submit button and wait for your new Elastic Beanstalk application and environment to be created and launch.